Add 2 client exports (#45)
saltminede/saltychat-fivem: README.md

------------ | ------------- | -------------
volumeLevel | `float` | Overrides the volume in percent (0f - 1.6f / 0 - 160%)

### GetRadioVolume

> Get the curren radio volume, returns a float

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the current radio volume as float (0.0f - 1.6f).
```

### GetVoiceRange

> Get the currently set voice-range/proximity, returns a float ( possible values as defined in config.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the current voice range as float.
```

> 

Reviewer: Getters come before setters, please move them to the top.
